Do you think that you could do Tropic thunder today? Would that be possible?
Or you could do it.
When Ben called and said, Hey, I'm doing this thing. And you know, and uh,
I thought, yeah, I'll do that after Ironman. Then I started thinking, this is
wait a minute. And then I thought, well, hold on, dude, get real here.
I get to be black for a summer in my mind.
So there's something in it for me.
And also it was impossible to not have it be an offensive nightmare of a
movie. And 90% of my black friends were like, dude,
that was great. Again,
not in my defense,
but Tropic thunder was about how wrong
that is. Yes.
And it might be the last time we'll ever see a studio,
take a chance on a guy wearing blackface and the prolific use of the word
retard. Those are two things.
Wait, but the funny thing too,
was all the heat got deflected to Ben and simple Jack. Yeah.
That's what people were off about. And I go great.
Did you have anybody that was telling you not to do it with their agents or
anyone who was like, my mother was horrifying.
Really? Babby I am tanning. I have had bad feeling.
I was like, yeah, me too, mom.